"Accounts Payable Turnover","apturnover","Efficiency","Float","The accounts payable turnover ratio is a short-term liquidity measure used to quantify the rate at which a company pays off its suppliers.The measure shows investors how many times per period the company pays its average payable amount. Accounts payable ..."
"Accounts Receivable Turnover","arturnover","Efficiency","Float","An accounting measure used to quantify a firm's effectiveness in extending credit and in collecting debts on that credit. The Accounts receivables turnover ratio is an activity ratio measuring how efficiently a firm uses its assets. In essence, the ..."
"Altman Z-Score","altmanzscore","Solvency","Float","The Altman Z-score is the output of a credit-strength test that gauges a publicly traded manufacturing company's likelihood of bankruptcy. The Altman Z-score is based on five financial ratios that can be calculated from data found on a company's annual 10K ..."
"Asset Turnover","assetturnover","Efficiency","Float","Asset turnover is the value of a companys sales or revenues generated relative to the value of its assets. The Asset Turnover can often be used as an indicator of the efficiency with which a company is deploying its assets in generating revenue. In general, ..."
"Augmented Payout Ratio","augmentedpayoutratio","Effectiveness","Percentage"
"Book Value per Share","bookvaluepershare","Metric","USD per Share"
"Capital Expenditures","capex","Metric","USD"
"Cash Conversion Cycle","ccc","Efficiency","Days"
"Cash Return on Invested Capital","croic","Effectiveness","Percentage"
"Common Equity to Total Capital","commontocap","Capital Structure","Percentage"
"Compound Leverage Factor","compoundleveragefactor","Leverage","Float"
"Cost of Revenue to Revenue","costofrevtorevenue","Profitability","Percentage"
"Current Ratio","currentratio","Liquidity","Float","The current ratio is a liquidity ratio that measures a company's ability to pay short-term and long-term obligations. The current ratio is mainly used to give an idea of the company's ability to pay back its liabilities (debt and accounts payable) with its ..."
"Days Inventory Outstanding","dio","Efficiency","Days","The days sales of inventory value, or DSI, is a financial measure of a company's performance that gives investors an idea of how long it takes a company to turn its inventory (including goods that are a work in progress, if applicable) into sales. ..."
"Days Payable Outstanding","dpo","Efficiency","Days","Days payable outstanding (DPO) is a company's average payable period. Days payable outstanding tells how long it takes a company to pay its invoices from trade creditors, such as suppliers. DPO is typically looked at either quarterly or yearly."
"Days Sales Outstanding","dso","Efficiency","Days","Days sales outstanding (DSO) is a measure of the average number of days that a company takes to collect revenue after a sale has been made. DSO is often determined on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis and can be calculated by dividing the amount of ..."
"Debt-free, Cash-free Net Working Capital","dfcfnwc","Metric","USD"
"Debt-free, Cash-free Net Working Capital to Revenue","dfcfnwctorev","Liquidity","Percentage"
"Debt-free Net Working Capital","dfnwc","Metric","USD"
"Debt-free Net Working Capital to Revenue","dfnwctorev","Liquidity","Percentage"
"Debt to EBITDA","debttoebitda","Solvency","Float","Debt/EBITDA is a measure of a company's ability to pay off its incurred debt. The ratio gives the investor the approximate amount of time that would be needed to pay off all debt, ignoring the factors of interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. ..."
"Debt to Equity","debttoequity","Leverage","Float","Debt/Equity Ratio is a debt ratio used to measure a company's financial leverage, calculated by dividing a companys total liabilities by its stockholders' equity. The D/E ratio indicates how much debt a company is using to finance its assets relative to the ..."
"Debt to NOPAT","debttonopat","Solvency","Float"
"Debt to Total Capital","debttototalcapital","Capital Structure","Percentage","The debt-to-capital ratio is a measurement of a company's financial leverage. The debt-to-capital ratio is calculated by taking the company's debt, including both short- and long-term liabilities and dividing it by the total capital. Total capital is all ..."
"Dividend Payout Ratio","divpayoutratio","Effectiveness","Percentage","The dividend payout ratio provides an indication of how much money a company is returning to shareholders, versus how much money it is keeping on hand to reinvest in growth, pay off debt or add to cash reserves. This latter portion is known as retained ..."
"Dividend Yield","dividendyield","Valuation","Percentage","A financial ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. Dividend yield is represented as a percentage and can be calculated by dividing the dollar value of dividends paid in a given year per share of ..."
"Earnings before Interest and Taxes","ebit","Metric","USD","EBIT measures the profit a company generates from its operations, making it synonymous with &quot;operating profit.&quot; By ignoring tax and interest expenses, it focuses solely on a company's ability to generate earnings from operations, ignoring variables such as ..."
"Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization","ebitda","Metric","USD","EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is one indicator of a company's financial performance and is used as a proxy for the earning potential of a business, although doing so has its drawbacks. Further, ..."
"Earnings Yield","earningsyield","Valuation","Percentage","Earnings yield are the earnings per share for the most recent 12-month period divided by the current market price per share. The earnings yield (which is the inverse of the P/E ratio) shows the percentage of each dollar invested in the stock that was earned ..."
"EBITDA Growth","ebitdagrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"EBITDA Margin","ebitdamargin","Profitability","Percentage","EBITDA margin is a measurement of a company's operating profitability as a percentage of its total revenue. EBITDA margin can provide an investor, business owner or financial professional with a clear view of a company's operating profitability and cash ..."
"EBITDA Q/Q Growth","ebitdaqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"EBIT Growth","ebitgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"EBIT Less CapEx to Interest Expense","ebitlesscapextointerestex","Coverage","Float"
"EBIT Margin","ebitmargin","Profitability","Percentage","EBIT Margin is the ratio of Earnings before Interest and Taxes to net revenue - earned. It is a measure of a company's profitability on sales over a specific time period. Interpretation- This indicator gives information on a company's earnings ability."
"EBIT Q/Q Growth","ebitqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"EBIT to Interest Expense","ebittointerestex","Coverage","Float","EBIT to Interest Expense is a measurement of how much a company is earning (EBIT) over its interest payments or how easily a company can pay interest on outstanding debt. A ratio of three means that a company is making three times its interest payment ..."
"Effective Tax Rate","efftaxrate","Profitability","Percentage","The effective tax rate is the average rate at which a corporation is taxed. The effective tax rate for a corporation is the average rate at which its pre-tax profits are taxed."
"Enterprise Value","enterprisevalue","Valuation","USD","Enterprise Value, or EV for short, is a measure of a company's total value, often used as a more comprehensive alternative to equity market capitalization. The market capitalization of a company is simply its share price multiplied by the number of shares a ..."
"Enterprise Value to EBIT","evtoebit","Valuation","Multiple","EV/EBIT is often used by analysts to quickly look at a company's valuation multiples. All things being equal, the lower this ratio is, the better."
"Enterprise Value to EBITDA","evtoebitda","Valuation","Multiple","This popular metric is widely used as a valuation tool, allowing investors to compare the value of a company, debt included, to the companys cash earnings less noncash expenses. It is ideal for analysts and potential investors looking to compare companies ..."
"Enterprise Value to Free Cash Flow","evtofcff","Valuation","Multiple"
"Enterprise Value to Invested Capital","evtoinvestedcapital","Valuation","Multiple"
"Enterprise Value to NOPAT","evtonopat","Valuation","Multiple"
"Enterprise Value to Operating Cash Flow","evtoocf","Valuation","Multiple","Enterprise value to Operating cash flow is the ratio of the entire economic value of a company to the cash it produces. This metric calculates the number of years it would take to buy the entire business if it was able to use all the company's operating ..."
"Enterprise Value to Revenue","evtorevenue","Valuation","Multiple","The enterprise-value-to-revenue is a measure of the value of a stock that compares a company's enterprise value to its revenue. EV/Rev is one of several fundamental indicators that investors use to determine whether a stock is priced well. The EV/Rev ..."
"EPS Growth","epsgrowth","Growth","Percentage","Earnings-per-share growth gives a good picture of the rate at which a company has grown its profitability per unit of equity. This figure represents the annualized rate of net-income-per-share growth over the trailing one-year period for the stocks held by ..."
"EPS Q/Q Growth","epsqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"Financial Leverage","finleverage","Leverage","Float","Financial leverage can be defined as the degree to which a company uses fixed-income securities, such as debt and preferred equity. With a high degree of financial leverage come high interest payments. As a result, the bottom-line earnings per share is ..."
"Fixed Asset Turnover","faturnover","Efficiency","Float","Fixed-asset turnover is used by analysts to measure operating performance. It is a ratio of net sales to fixed assets. This ratio specifically measures how able a company is to generate net sales from fixed-asset investments, namely property, plant and ..."
"Free Cash Flow Firm Growth","fcffgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"Free Cash Flow Firm Q/Q Growth","fcffqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"Free Cash Flow to Firm","freecashflow","Metric","USD","Free cash flow for the firm (FCFF) is a measure of financial performance that expresses the net amount of cash that is generated for a firm after expenses, taxes and changes in net working capital and investments are deducted. FCFF is essentially a ..."
"Free Cash Flow to Firm to Interest Expense","fcfftointerestex","Coverage","Float"
"Gross Margin","grossmargin","Profitability","Percentage","The gross margin represents the percent of total sales revenue that the company retains after incurring the direct costs associated with producing the goods and services it sells. The higher the percentage, the more the company retains on each dollar of ..."
"Increase / (Decrease) in Invested Capital","investedcapitalincreasedecrease","Metric","USD"
"Interest Burden Percent","interestburdenpct","Profitability","Percentage"
"Inventory Turnover","invturnover","Efficiency","Float","Inventory turnover is a ratio showing how many times a company's inventory is sold and replaced over a period of time. The days in the period can then be divided by the inventory turnover formula to calculate the days it takes to sell the inventory on hand. ..."
"Invested Capital","investedcapital","Metric","USD","Invested capital is the total amount of money raised by a company by issuing securities to shareholders and bondholders, and invested capital is calculated by adding the total debt and capital lease obligations to the amount of equity issued to investors."
"Invested Capital Growth","investedcapitalgrowth","Growth","Percentage","Invested Capital growth is the increase in value of an asset or investment over time. Capital growth is measured on the basis of the current value of the asset or investment, in relation to the amount originally invested in it. Capital growth is one of the ..."
"Invested Capital Q/Q Growth","investedcapitalqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"Invested Capital Turnover","investedcapitalturnover","Efficiency","Float","Invested capital is the total amount of money raised by a company by issuing securities to shareholders and bondholders, and invested capital is calculated by adding the total debt and capital lease obligations to the amount of equity issued to investors. ..."
"Leverage Ratio","leverageratio","Leverage","Float","Companies rely on a mixture of owners' equity and debt to finance their operations. A leverage ratio is any one of several financial measurements that look at how much capital comes in the form of debt (loans), or assesses the ability of a company to meet ..."
"Long-Term Debt to EBITDA","ltdebttoebitda","Solvency","Float","A high ratio of Long-Term debt to EBITDA reveals a company thats deep in debt. It will have a lower credit rating and be forced to offer higher yields on bonds. Generally, a ratio of 4 or higher is considered too high, though the benchmarks of specific ..."
"Long-Term Debt to Equity","ltdebttoequity","Leverage","Float","The ratio is calculated by taking the company's long-term debt and dividing it by the book value of common equity. The greater a company's leverage, the higher the ratio. Generally, companies with higher ratios are thought to be more risky."
"Long-Term Debt to NOPAT","ltdebttonopat","Solvency","Float"
"Long-Term Debt to Total Capital","ltdebttocap","Capital Structure","Percentage","The long-term debt to capitalization ratio is a ratio showing the financial leverage of a firm. A variation of the traditional debt-to-equity ratio, this value computes the proportion of a company's long-term debt compared to its available capital. By using ..."
"Market Capitalization","marketcap","Valuation","USD","Market capitalization refers the total dollar market value of a company's outstanding shares. The investment community uses this figure to determine a company's size, as opposed to using sales or total asset figures."
"Net Debt","netdebt","Metric","USD","Net debt shows a business's overall financial situation by subtracting the total value of a company's liabilities and debts from the total value of its cash, cash equivalents and other liquid assets, a process called netting. All the information necessary ..."
"Net Debt to EBITDA","netdebttoebitda","Solvency","Float","The net debt to earnings before interest depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) ratio is a measurement of leverage. The net debt to EBITDA ratio is a debt ratio that shows how many years it would take for a company to pay back its debt if net debt and ..."
"Net Debt to NOPAT","netdebttonopat","Solvency","Float"
"Net Income Growth","netincomegrowth","Growth","Percentage","This figure represents the annualized rate of net-income growth over the trailing one-year period for the stocks held by a fund.Net-income growth gives a good picture of the rate at which companies have grown their profits. All things being equal, stocks ..."
"Net Income Q/Q Growth","netincomeqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"Net Non-Operating Expense","netnonopex","Metric","USD","A non-operating expense is an expense incurred by a business that's unrelated to its core operations. The most common types of non-operating expenses relate to depreciation, amortization, interest charges or other costs of borrowing."
"Net Non-Operating Expense Percent","nnep","Effectiveness","Percentage","A non-operating expense is an expense incurred by a business that's unrelated to its core operations. The most common types of non-operating expenses relate to depreciation, amortization, interest charges or other costs of borrowing. Accountants sometimes ..."
"Net Non-Operating Obligations","netnonopobligations","Metric","USD","A non-operating expense is an expense incurred by a business that's unrelated to its core operations. The most common types of non-operating expenses relate to depreciation, amortization, interest charges or other costs of borrowing."
"Net Operating Profit After Tax","nopat","Metric","USD","Net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) is a company's potential cash earnings if its capitalization were unleveraged that is, if it had no debt. NOPAT is a more accurate look at operating efficiency for leveraged companies, and it does not include the tax ..."
"Net Working Capital","nwc","Metric","USD","Working capital, also known as net working capital, is the difference between a company’s current assets, like cash, accounts receivable (customers’ unpaid bills) and inventories of raw materials and finished goods, and its current liabilities, like ..."
"Net Working Capital to Revenue","nwctorev","Liquidity","Percentage"
"Noncontrolling Interest Sharing Ratio","noncontrollinginterestsharingratio","Effectiveness","Percentage"
"Noncontrolling Interests to Total Capital","noncontrolinttocap","Capital Structure","Percentage"
"NOPAT Growth","nopatgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"NOPAT Less CapEx to Interest Expense","nopatlesscapextointex","Coverage","Float"
"NOPAT Margin","nopatmargin","Profitability","Percentage","This profitability ratio shows a companies ability to generate after-tax operating profit for every dollar of sales made."
"NOPAT Q/Q Growth","nopatqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"NOPAT to Interest Expense","nopattointerestex","Coverage","Float"
"Normalized Net Operating Profit After Tax","normalizednopat","Metric","USD"
"Normalized NOPAT Margin","normalizednopatmargin","Profitability","Percentage","Normalized Net Operating Profit after Tax Margin are adjusted to remove the effects of seasonality, revenue and expenses that are unusual or one-time influences."
"Operating Cash Flow Growth","ocfgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"Operating Cash Flow Less CapEx to Interest Expense","ocflesscapextointerestex","Coverage","Float"
"Operating Cash Flow Q/Q Growth","ocfqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage"
"Operating Cash Flow to CapEx","ocftocapex","Effectiveness","Percentage","Operating Cash flow to capital expenditures is a ratio that measures a company's ability to acquire long-term assets using free cash flow. The Operating cash flow to capital expenditures ratio will often fluctuate as businesses go through cycles of large ..."
"Operating Cash Flow to Interest Expense","ocftointerestex","Coverage","Float"
"Operating Expenses to Revenue","opextorevenue","Profitability","Percentage","Operating Expenses to Revenue is a measure of what it costs to operate a piece of property compared to the income that the property brings in. The measure is very common in real estate analysis, whereby analysts are measuring the costs to operate a piece of ..."
"Operating Margin","operatingmargin","Profitability","Percentage","Operating margin is a margin ratio used to measure a company's pricing strategy and operating efficiency. Operating margin is a measurement of what proportion of a company's revenue is left over after paying for variable costs of production such as wages, ..."
"Operating Return on Assets","oroa","Effectiveness","Percentage"
"Preferred Equity to Total Capital","preferredtocap","Capital Structure","Percentage"
"Pre Tax Income Margin","pretaxincomemargin","Profitability","Percentage","Pretax profit margin is a company's earnings before tax as a percentage of total sales or revenues. The higher the pretax profit margin, the more profitable the company. The trend of the pretax profit margin is as important as the figure itself, since it ..."
"Price to Book Value","pricetobook","Valuation","Multiple","The price-to-book ratio (P/B Ratio) is a ratio used to compare a stock's market value to its book value. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. However, it could also mean that something is fundamentally wrong with the company. As with ..."
"Price to Earnings","pricetoearnings","Valuation","Multiple","The price-earnings ratio (P/E Ratio) is the ratio for valuing a company that measures its current share price relative to its per-share earnings. The price-earnings ratio indicates the dollar amount an investor can expect to invest in a company in order to ..."
"Price to Revenue","pricetorevenue","Valuation","Multiple","A valuation ratio that compares a companys stock price to its revenues. The price-to-revenue ratio is an indicator of the value placed on each dollar of a companys revenues. It can be calculated either by dividing the companys market capitalization by its ..."
"Price to Tangible Book Value","pricetotangiblebook","Valuation","Multiple","The price to tangible book value (PTBV) is a valuation ratio expressing the price of a security compared to its hard, or tangible, book value as reported in the company's balance sheet. A stock's tangible book value per share represents the amount of money ..."
"Profit (Net Income) Margin","profitmargin","Profitability","Percentage","Profit margin is part of a category of profitability ratios and it measures how much out of every dollar of sales a company actually keeps in earnings."
"Quick Ratio","quickratio","Liquidity","Float","The quick ratio is an indicator of a companys short-term liquidity. The quick ratio measures a companys ability to meet its short-term obligations with its most liquid assets. The quick ratio is more conservative than the current ratio because it excludes ..."
"R&amp;D to Revenue","rdextorevenue","Profitability","Percentage","The Research &amp; Development (R&amp;D) Expense to Revenue ratio measures the percentage of sales that is allocated to R&amp;D expenditures. It is not as effective when looking at companies in different industries because different industries place different values on ..."
"Return on Assets","roa","Effectiveness","Percentage","Return on assets (ROA) is an indicator of how profitable a company is relative to its total assets. ROA gives an idea as to how efficient management is at using its assets to generate earnings. ROA tells you what earnings were generated from invested ..."
"Return on Common Equity","roce","Effectiveness","Percentage","Return on common equity is a measure of how well a company uses its investment dollars to generate profits. It tells common stock investors how effectively their capital is being reinvested. A company with high return on equity (ROE) is more successful in ..."
"Return on Equity","roe","Effectiveness","Percentage","Return on equity (ROE) is the amount of net income returned as a percentage of shareholders equity. Return on equity measures a corporation's profitability by revealing how much profit a company generates with the money shareholders have invested. The ROE ..."
"Return on Equity (Simple)","roe_simple","Effectiveness","Percentage","Return on equity (ROE_SIMPLE) is the amount of net income returned as a percentage of total equity. Return on equity measures a corporation's profitability by revealing how much profit a company generates with the money shareholders have invested. The ..."
"Return on Invested Capital","roic","Effectiveness","Percentage","ROIC is used to assess a company's efficiency at allocating the capital under its control to profitable investments. Return on invested capital gives a sense of how well a company is using its money to generate returns. Comparing a company's return on ..."
"Return on Net Non-Operating Assets","rnnoa","Effectiveness","Percentage"
"Revenue Growth","revenuegrowth","Growth","Percentage","Revenue growth illustrates sales increases/decreases over time. It is used to measure how fast a business is expanding. More valuable than a snapshot of revenue, revenue growth helps investors identify trends in order to gauge revenue growth over time."
"Revenue Q/Q Growth","revenueqoqgrowth","Growth","Percentage","Quarterly revenue growth is an increase of a company's sales when compared to a previous quarter's revenue performance. The current quarter's sales figure can be compared on a year-over-year basis or sequentially. This helps to give analysts, investors and ..."
"ROIC Less NNEP Spread","roicnnepspread","Effectiveness","Percentage"
"SG&amp;A Expenses to Revenue","sgaextorevenue","Profitability","Percentage"
"Short-Term Debt to Total Capital","stdebttocap","Capital Structure","Percentage"
"Tangible Book Value per Share","tangbookvaluepershare","Metric","USD per Share","A tangible book value per share is a method of valuing a company on a per-share basis by measuring its equity after removing any intangible assets. It focuses solely on the value of an organizations tangible assets. Once the value of the tangible assets is ..."
"Tax Burden Percent","taxburdenpct","Profitability","Percentage"
"Total Capital","totalcapital","Metric","USD","Total capital usually refers to the sum of long-term debt and total shareholder equity; both of these items can be found on the company's balance sheet. This is one of the calculations that's traditionally used when determining a company's return on capital."
"Total Debt","debt","Metric","USD","Total debt shows a business's overall financial situation by subtracting the total value of a company's liabilities and debts from the total value of its cash, cash equivalents and other liquid assets. All the information necessary to determine a company's ..."
"Total Depreciation and Amortization","depreciationandamortization","Metric","USD","Depreciation and amortization (D&amp;A) are noncash expenses used in accrual accounting. Depreciation is a means of allocating the cost of a material asset over its useful life. Amortization is the deduction of capital expenses over a specified time period, ..."
"Total Long-Term Debt","ltdebtandcapleases","Metric","USD","Long-term debt consists of loans and financial obligations lasting over one year. Long-term debt for a company would include any financing or leasing obligations that are to come due in a greater than 12-month period. Long-term debt also applies to ..."
"</tbody> </table> </body></html>"
